True or False. A Michigan LLC can have one or multiple member s/partners.
	Answer: True
True or False. Once you have a business name, the next step is to open a bank account.
	Answer: False. You wanna make sure you have your articles and a federal employer identification number first
True or False. You only have to file a Michigan LLC Annual Report if your company earned money during the fiscal year.
	Answer: False. You always need to file an annual report
Name one thing general liability insurance might cover.
	Answer: Liability insurance general will try to cover things that result in an injury while on the property, property damage, or things of that nature. 
True or False. The City of Lansing levies an income tax.
	Answer: True. Though according to the video it says they are "usually not levied on LLC'S"
Calculate your hourly billing rate for a web design business if you aim to pay yourself $45,000/year with a profit margin of 25%.
	Assuming we use the numbers from the videos, I got 79.94 an hour...or about 80 bucks
True or False. Work for hire means that you get to remain the copyright holder after you've delivered your work to the client.
	Answer: False The paying party gets to keep the copyright
Find one local networking event in Lansing and one web design conference (globally) that's happening in 2014.
	Answer: I found this for a local networking event 			http://www.meetup.com/SuperNetworkers/events/148372272/
	It is a coffee meetup where you can connect with other business professionals.	
	Here is a conference I found globally for web design: 	http://futureofwebdesign.com/london-2014/
True or False. You can use your personal checking account for business as long as you are not a corporation.
	False You always want to have a separate account for your business and personal life.
Name three ways you could become a thought leader in your industry.
	1. Have opinions about your industry, and make sure you share them with others. Making sure that you also read and think about current things going on.
	2. Post on other companies established blogs in order to make a name for yourself
	3. Be as involved as possible in the community. 